# Quiz 1 Review
[answer key](#key)
## Part 1.
[part 1 key](#p1)
Answer the following True / False questions 

T/F A $Computer$ is simply any mechanism that transforms $strings$ into other $strings$

T/F All $Computers$ must have access to $memory$

T/F There are an infinite number of unique $Python programs$, but they do not cover / implement all possible functions

T/F $\left| \{0,1\}^\infty \right| > \left|{ℕ}\right|$

T/F If $\left|S\right| < \left|ℕ\right|$, then $\left|S\right|$ is countable

T/F $f(n \in ℕ) = n + 1$ is a surjective function

T/F Every subset of $\left|ℕ\right|$ is countable

T/F The diagonalization proofs we have seen are examples of _proof by contradiction_  

## Part 2.
For each claim and proof below, select whether the proof is valid or whether it has an error. For each item, the claim is true, so  there is always some valid proof.

**Claim:** $∀ n > 2, n % 2 = 0$, there exists a 3-regular (each node has degree 3) graph with $n$ nodes

**Proof:** Let $G$ have $n$ nodes 0 to $n$ - 1. Add the edges ${i, i + 1}|0≤i≤n - 2$, the edge ${n - 1, 0}$ and the edges ${i, i + \frac{n}{2}|0≤i≤\frac{n}{2} - 1}$

**Claim:** There are $2^n$ binary strings of length $n$

**Proof:** for length, 1 there are $2^1 = 2$ strings (0 and 1). Suppose there are $2^k$ strings of length $k$, to each of those we can add a 0 or a 1 to increase length by 1. Thus there are $2^k + 2^k = 2(2^k) = 2^k+1$ strings of length $2^{k + 1}$

**Claim:** For $n \in ℕ$, if $3n + 2$ is even, then $n$ is even

**Proof:** Suppose $3n + 2$ is even, but $n$ is odd. Since $3n + 2$ is even, so is $3n$. $3n - n = 2n$, but an even number minus an odd number cannot equal an even number (contradiction). Thus, $n$ is even.

## Part 3.
For this question, you will think about a $bijection$ between ${0, 1}^*$ and ℕ. First, you will look at a bijection that does NOT work and find one issue with it. Then, you will fix the bijection to make it correct. _Note: this is_ ${0, 1}^*$ _,not_ ${0,1}^\infty$.

1. Consider the following potential bijeftion: $f(n \in {0,1}^*) = \left|n\right| + b(n)$ is the decimal integer value of a binary number $n$ (with one special case where $b$ on the empty string returns 0). State whether this formula is not injective or whether it is not surjective, then provide specific inputs / outputs to prove your case.
2. Now, write out an adjusted formula that fixes the issue, producing a valid $bijection$. You should only have to add a couple of characters to the formula. _Hint: Think about mapping onto the binary tree representation of binary numbers from the sides._

## Key
#### P1
- True
- False
- True
- True
- True
- False
- True
- True
#### P2
- Valid
- Valid
- Valid
#### P3
1. This formula is not injective because for differennt values of $n$, we have mappings to some value of $f(n)$. $011 = 3 + 3 = 6$ not injective $00001 = 5 + 1 = 6 x \neq$, but $f(x) = f(y)$, therefore it is not a bijection
